Destroyed at your wedding before
I'm really sorry.
Hey, it's over, don't mention him, what about me?
I want to borrow some books from Xiaoya
I wonder if you can take me there.
Of course you can.
It won't delay your trip, will it?
It's okay, I'm just here to get my hair done
Any day. Let's go
Xiaoya Shanshan is here
Are you not at home? No
When I go out in the morning
He even asked me to come back and bring him food
I'll find it for you.
Ok Xiaoya
Xiaoya
What should I do when my mom comes back?
Don't worry, just pack up first
Mom, why are you back so early?
Met Shanshan on the way
He said he wanted to borrow a book from you, so I brought him back
Why is your room so messy?
Ah, I was just sleeping.
So I didn't clean up
Why do you have a man's tie in this room?
This is your uncle's tie